doc: spm: update docs after multi image build changes (#694)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/spm.rst

*************

Use Kconfig to configure the security attributions for the peripherals.
Modify the source code of the SPM subsystem to configure the security attributions of SRAM.

> If Partition Manager is being used, the security attribution of the flash regions are deduced from the generated file ``pm.config``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Partition Manager is used, the security attributions of the flash regions are deduced from the generated file :file:`pm.config`.
```

> Otherwise, the security attribution of the flash regions are deduced from Device Tree information.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Otherwise, the security attributions of the flash regions are deduced from Device Tree information.
```
